title: My vim installation
date: 2014-10-07 19:50:45
tags: vim
featured: https://farm4.staticflickr.com/3868/15184380980_55ab9eb8ca_b.jpg
category: testing
summary: In earlier days, if you wanted to install some plugins, you had to download a file and place it typically in your ~/.vim/plugins directory. Today there is a kind of package manager, called Pathogen.vim. This tool or plugin makes it easy to install plugins in a private directory.

In earlier days, if you wanted to install some plugins, you had to download a file and place it typically in your ~/.vim/plugins directory. Today there is a kind of package manager, called Pathogen.vim. This tool or plugin makes it easy to install plugins in a private directory.

Installing is very easy. Just run the commands:
<code class="bash"><pre>
mkdir -p ~/.vim/autoload ~/.vim/bundle 
curl -LSso ~/.vim/autoload/pathogen.vim https://tpo.pe/pathogen.vim
</pre></code>
Now all other packages you will install are located in the ~/.vim/bundle directory. Before this works, you first have to add a line in the .vimrc file:
<code class="bash"><pre>
execute pathogen#infect()
</pre></code>
I installed an extension ctrlp.vim by just going to the bundle directory and cloning the crtlp.vim repository from github.
<code class="bash"><pre>
cd ~/.vim/bundle
git clone https://github.com/kien/ctrlp.vim.git
</pre></code>
Update also the runtimepath in the vimrc file:
<code class="bash"><pre>
set runtimepath^=~/.vim/bundle/ctrlp.vim
</pre></code>
And run with a vim open the following command:
<code class="bash"><pre>
:helptags ~/.vim/bundle/ctrlp.vim/doc
</pre></code>
Then the next time your vim is restarted, :help ctrlp.txt shows the help page.  This extension is handy for browsing in a project directory. Just open it with ctrl-p

I also installed the following packages:

<code class="bash"><pre>
git clone https://github.com/mattreduce/vim-mix.git
git clone https://github.com/elixir-lang/vim-elixir.git
</pre></code>
The vim-mix project has some commands for running mix commands, like :Mtest or :Mcompile. This can be used to run every time an elixir file is saved. Add the following code in the vimrc file.
<code class="bash"><pre>
autocmd BufWritePost *.exs Mtest
autocmd BufWritePost *.ex Mtest
</pre></code>
Now everytime an exs or ex file is saved, the unittests are running in the project directory.

At last my complete vimrc file:
<code class="bash"><pre>
color koehler
set number

map <F1> :call BufferList()<CR>
map <F2> :Explore<CR>
map <F8> :vsplit<CR>
map <F9> :split<CR>
map <F10> :close<CR>
map <Down> <C-w>j
map <Up> <C-w>k
map <Right> <C-W>l
map <Left> <C-W>h

set expandtab
set tabstop=4
set shiftwidth=4

execute pathogen#infect()
syntax on
filetype plugin indent on
set runtimepath^=~/.vim/bundle/ctrlp.vim

autocmd BufWritePost *.exs Mtest
autocmd BufWritePost *.ex Mtest
</pre></code>
